README.asciidoc, before:

string.js
---------

This module simply patches the String prototype. Yes, it modifies the prototype, get over it.

This is *not production* ready yet. *Don't use it*.

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

----
npm install string
----

Make sure that you run the test script to verify that it works on your system.
----
#Mac OS X or Linux Users:
TEST_stringjs

#Windows Users:
coffee TEST_stringjs
----

Usage
~~~~~

----
require('string')
----

Methods:

License
~~~~~~~

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 JP Richardson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files 
(the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
 merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS 
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
 ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added endsWith and startsWith methods.

README.asciidoc, after:

string.js
---------

This module simply patches the String prototype. Yes, it modifies the prototype, get over it.

This is *not production* ready yet. *Don't use it*.

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

----
npm install string
----

Make sure that you run the test script to verify that it works on your system.
----
#Mac OS X or Linux Users:
TEST_stringjs

#Windows Users:
coffee TEST_stringjs
----

Usage
~~~~~

----
require('string')
----

Methods:

License
~~~~~~~

(The Apache License)

Some methods as noted, are from Google.

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 JP Richardson

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files 
(the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
 merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS 
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
 ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
